c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\obj\Debug\ProyectoNotas.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\obj\Debug\ProyectoNotas.frmLogins.resources
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\obj\Debug\ProyectoNotas.FrmPrincipal.resources
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\obj\Debug\ProyectoNotas.Resources.resources
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\obj\Debug\ProyectoNotas.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\obj\Debug\ProyectoNotas.exe.licenses
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ProyectoNotas.exe
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ProyectoNotas.pdb
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v15.1.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.xml
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.xml
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.xml
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.xml
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\obj\Debug\ProyectoNotas.exe
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\obj\Debug\ProyectoNotas.pdb
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\obj\Debug\ProyectoNotas.LoginEmpleado.resources
c:\users\framy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoNotas\ProyectoNotas\obj\Debug\ProyectoNotas.LoginAlumno.resources
